---
title: "Post: New Years Resolutions, 2023 edition: when do the lies end"
last_modified_at: 2023-02-01T16:20:02-05:00
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Post Formats
  - readability
  - standard
---

So 2022 went by pretty quickly. I guess I'm just going to do a recap of my 2022. Basically I moved to Seattle! Which I had always wanted to do since I was a kid and visited for the first time. I really like Seattle and I don't understand why, the weather is so gloomy and depressive 9 months out of the year and I'm originally/grew up in SoCal which is literally mediterrean weather like *chef's kiss* perfection, SUN. But like what's that saying again? OPPOSITES ATTRACT! Yeah I guess. I really enjoy the summers though. Seattle summers are maybe even better than Cali summers (haha). I don't know why I laughed. I will continue to laugh and nothing can stop me. I AM A FORCE OF NATURE. 

Anyway so like I also moved into my first studio apartment and that was a doozy of an experience. Adulting (i hate this phrase) is so weird. Maybe I just chose to do adulting in the worst way and most awkward way possible and made it like much harder than it should've for myself but like the pandemic was hard in general especially for mental health, and I know I should appreciate and be grateful for the things I've learned this year. But I definitely think I went to my darkest places during the pandemic, while living in a single in Seattle for the first time during the winter right after like a break-up. It's the perfect situation if you WANT depression. Anyway I'm much better now so it's all behind me and it's only gotten better since thank god. I'm doing a long distance relationship with my parents right now which is mid but I don't think I could live where they live without losing my mind from boredom? I already lived with them for two years to save money and also since my plans fell through/I was just worried about catching COVID and didn't want to travel and I felt like I didn't really have any new experiences or grow as a person and it was kind of sad. So last October when I moved to Seattle I guess that was like me trying to take more control and be in charge of my life and like do things that I wanted to. I still feel guilty about spending money on rent even though I know it's normal and I should because it's within budget.

I didn't make the video game that I wanted to last year unfortunately but I will try to be better this year. My friend Brian really loves the Atomic Habits book and since I read it I'm like ok seems legit. I mean self help books are kinda common sense and sometimes definitely feel like a waste of money but it's nice to have some kind of coaching, especially if you're like early-twenties/almost mid-twenties feelin' kinda lost but vibing like I am. OH I am so cringe. 

Ok so health-wise I think I actually fell off the wagon a little bit. I used to go to the gym like an hour a day and do running like 3-4 times a week and that was so good but it also took so much energy. I think I'm going to try to start working out again because it was really fun after a while and I'm not super fit but I like breaking and setting my own personal records. Seeing growth and change is fun! It also helped me sleep faster and another thing. Oh my god thank god I broke my tiktok addiction habit. I used to sleep like really late like around 3 am because I would be scrolling tiktoks and like that was the worst because I'd have to wake up around 8 or 9 and it would just absolutely destroy my health. Since I've started keeping the phone away at night and exercising by running and doing yoga I feel like more sleepy when I try to sleep and I love it. 

I think I also grew in my self-confidence this year! I got a new job with a new team and the best coworkers like they're really funny and I'm very grateful that I got this opportunity. Remote working is hard because I personally like have a weird personality type where I enjoy being alone but I also need people around every now and then to feel like more motivated or happier? So I've been working in coffee shops, it's just the coffee kinda adds up in price over time so I also started grinding coffee at home and I never drank coffee before now because I always got too much anxiety but I can handle it now as long as I keep it to like one cup and I love it! It gives me a lot of energy and I feel proud when I've gotten things done. I think this year I also practiced managing my energy and like not pushing myself too much so that I burn out while also trying to challenge myself to out of my comfort zone so I can practice and develop more skills. 

Anyway kind of an ambitious goal but I'd love to do more game development. It's really what my favorite experience in college was (and I love game developers and just multiplayer experinces and art and STORY) and it would be cool if I just put my head down and worked on it instead of talking so much all the time. I would also like to read and write more (it's everyday brooo) and like another good thing that happened is so last year I got into a fight with my cousin and she's like the LIGHT OF MY LIFE (omg cringe) jk but she's my best friend I think she's known me pretty much my whole life (I WOUDL DIE FOR HEEEER) and anyway we got into a fight and she pretty much didn't talk to me for 7 months which devastated me at first (aw yeah attachment issues) but as a part of personal growth part of my soul is dead now and I actually shook it off after like 3-4 or month I became numb. But we finally reconciled which is great but I still haven't seen her in person or gotten to catch up with her in person and even though technology is cool and I love it and I love how people can express themselves through just scribbles it's not the same. My brother's also in college right now (Purdue, go boilermakers(?)) and it's weird how adulthood you're like further away from home and spend more time alone than you would as a kid. Or maybe that's just my fault and I should move to SF so I can see my parents every weekend. that's always an option. Ya KNow. Anyway like I'm probably going to go back and see them again and I think my cousin too? And that would be a dream come true. I say this but when I see her I might be like ewww go away LOL annoying. 

Anyway that's it for me. The Jan retro is over. I think 2023 started kinda ok so far. I'm also moving which is a doozy (man I hate packing my stuff) but I'm moving to Capitol Hill and I'm really excited because I'm also unfortunately a huge foodie and I will definitely be running around eating a lot of food. 